[FLINK-29880][hive] Introduce auto compaction for Hive sink in batch mode (#21703)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/table/hive/hive_read_write.md

**NOTE:**
- Only `BATCH` mode supports to auto gather statistic, `STREAMING` mode doesn't support it yet.

### File Compaction

The Hive sink also supports file compactions, which allows applications to reduce the number of files generated while writing into Hive.

#### Stream Mode

> In stream mode, the behavior is same to `FileSystem` sink. Please refer to [File Compaction]({{< ref "docs/connectors/table/filesystem" >}}#file-compaction) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In stream mode, the behavior is the same as `FileSystem` sink. Please refer to [File Compaction]({{< ref "docs/connectors/table/filesystem" >}}#file-compaction) for more details.
```

#### Batch Mode

When it's in batch mode and auto compaction is enabled, after finishing writing files, Flink will calculate the average size of written files for each partition. And if the average size is less than the

> threshold configured, Flink will then try to compact these files to files with a target size. The following is the table's options for file compactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured threshold, then Flink will try to compact these files to files with the target size. The following are the table's options for file compaction.
```

Author: I accpet it except that I still think we should use `a target size` instead of `the target size`

<table class="table table-bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 25%">Option</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 8%">Required</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 8%">Forwarded</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 7%">Default</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 10%">Type</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 42%">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>auto-compaction</h5></td>
        <td>optional</td>
        <td>no</td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">false</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>

>         <td>Whether to enable automatic compaction in Hive sink or not. The data will be written to temporary files. The temporary files are invisible before compaction.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Whether to enable automatic compaction in Hive sink or not. The data will be written to temporary files first. The temporary files are invisible before compaction.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>compaction.small-files.avg-size</h5></td>
        <td>optional</td>
        <td>yes</td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">16MB</td>
        <td>MemorySize</td>
        <td>The threshold for file compaction. If the average size of the files is less than this value, FLink will then compact these files. the default value is 16MB.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>compaction.file-size</h5></td>
        <td>optional</td>
        <td>yes</td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">(none)</td>
        <td>MemorySize</td>
        <td>The compaction target file size, the default value is the <a href="{{< ref "docs/connectors/table/filesystem" >}}#sink.rolling-policy.file-size">rolling file size</a>.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>compaction.parallelism</h5></td>
        <td>optional</td>
        <td>no</td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">(none)</td>
        <td>Integer</td>
        <td>
        The parallelism to compact files. If not set, it will use the <a href="{{< ref "docs/connectors/table/filesystem" >}}#sink-parallelism">sink parallelism</a>.

>         When use <a href="{{< ref "docs/deployment/elastic_scaling" >}}#adaptive-batch-scheduler">adaptive batch scheduler</a>, the parallelism may be small, which will cause taking much time to finish compaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When using <a href="{{< ref "docs/deployment/elastic_scaling" >}}#adaptive-batch-scheduler">adaptive batch scheduler</a>, the parallelism of the compact operator deduced by the scheduler may be small, which will cause taking much time to finish compaction.
```

>         In such case, please remember to set this value to a bigger value manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In such a case, please remember to set this option to a bigger value manually.
```
